November 12th, 2022 Group Meeting
=================================

Agenda
------
- Discuss and plan next steps

Action Items
------------
- Meet separately to complete front-end (Chris + Jeremy) and back-end (Shyama + Jerry)
- Next Saturday meeting (11/19) will begin integration

Notes
-----
From preliminary exploratory testing, implementing logic gates seems very trivial. Therefore, back-end work should start thinking ahead to how integration between a GUI and the logic should work.
- The most likely form that this will take is some kind of graph that updates as the user modifies the sandbox. It needs to be dynamic (as opposed to a separate compilation process), since the only artifact produced by the user's interaction with the GUI is the text-art representation of the circuit. 
